README.md, before:

# SNS DEMO

This repository has a collection of tools to make it easier to manage
environments with SNS projects and other dependencies. If this sounds vague it's
because it's a bit of a kitchen sink. Some of them are described below.

The official documentation for SNS testing has moved [here](https://github.com/dfinity/sns-testing).

## Stock snapshot

A snapshot is an archive (`.tar.xz`) containing local replica state.

### Manual use

A stock snapshot can be created with
```
./bin/dfx-snapshot-stock-make
```
Snapshots can be shared between Linux machines but Macs can only use snapshots
created on the same machine (it seems).

Default pinned versions of the used canisters are defined in
`bin/versions.bash`. If you want the latest versions on the canisters from the
IC repo, you can run
```
./bin/dfx-snapshot-stock-make --ic_commit latest --ic_dir $YOUR_IC_REPO_PATH
```
The IC repo directory is needed to find the latest usable commit. You can also
specify a specific commit instead of `latest` and then you don't need to specify
`--ic_dir`.

If you want to customize what is included in the snapshot, you can modify
`bin/dfx-stock-deploy`.

The SNSes that are being deployed are configure with `sns_init.yaml` as well as
the parameters passed to `ic-admin` from `bin/dfx-sns-sale-propose`.

### CI

A new stock snapshot can be released by pushing a tag:

```
RELEASE="release-$(date +"%Y-%m-%d")"
echo "$RELEASE"
git tag "$RELEASE"
git push origin "$RELEASE"
```

This will cause GitHub actions to create a new snapshot, which can be found
[here](https://github.com/dfinity/snsdemo/tags).



## Creating an SNS in GitHub CI

Please see [the GitHub workflow that tests SNS creation on Linux and Mac](.github/workflows/run.yml).

Commit message:

Make it easier to create a manual snsdemo release (#346)
# Motivation

snsdemo releases are automatically created once a week.
In order to create a release outside the schedule, one has to perform
some manual steps.
Since we already have a workflow that can create a release let's also
use that for manual release.

# Changes

1. Add a checkbox when starting the workflow manually to indicate a
release should be created.
2. Create a release when the checkbox is checked in addition to when the
workflow runs on schedule.
3. Remove the functionality to create a release from branch
`snapshot-schedule`. This was a branch created by @bitdivine supposedly
for testing.
4. If a release was already created on the same day, try appending `.1`
or `.2` etc., similar to what ic-js and gix-components do.

# Tested

Checkbox appears:
<img width="385" alt="image"
src="https://github.com/dfinity/snsdemo/assets/122978264/1a2e4363-6be8-4e7a-b8c0-5f8e15558ce8">

Created this release from this branch:
https://github.com/dfinity/snsdemo/releases/tag/release-2024-05-10

---------

Co-authored-by: daniel-wong-dfinity-org <97631336+daniel-wong-dfinity-org@users.noreply.github.com>

README.md, after:

# SNS DEMO

This repository has a collection of tools to make it easier to manage
environments with SNS projects and other dependencies. If this sounds vague it's
because it's a bit of a kitchen sink. Some of them are described below.

The official documentation for SNS testing has moved [here](https://github.com/dfinity/sns-testing).

## Stock snapshot

A snapshot is an archive (`.tar.xz`) containing local replica state.

### Manual use

A stock snapshot can be created with
```
./bin/dfx-snapshot-stock-make
```
Snapshots can be shared between Linux machines but Macs can only use snapshots
created on the same machine (it seems).

Default pinned versions of the used canisters are defined in
`bin/versions.bash`. If you want the latest versions on the canisters from the
IC repo, you can run
```
./bin/dfx-snapshot-stock-make --ic_commit latest --ic_dir $YOUR_IC_REPO_PATH
```
The IC repo directory is needed to find the latest usable commit. You can also
specify a specific commit instead of `latest` and then you don't need to specify
`--ic_dir`.

If you want to customize what is included in the snapshot, you can modify
`bin/dfx-stock-deploy`.

The SNSes that are being deployed are configure with `sns_init.yaml` as well as
the parameters passed to `ic-admin` from `bin/dfx-sns-sale-propose`.

### CI

A new stock snapshot can be released by running the
[Create a snapshot image workflow](https://github.com/dfinity/snsdemo/actions/workflows/snapshot.yml)
and checking the "Make release" box.

This will cause GitHub actions to create a new snapshot, which can be found
[here](https://github.com/dfinity/snsdemo/tags).



## Creating an SNS in GitHub CI

Please see [the GitHub workflow that tests SNS creation on Linux and Mac](.github/workflows/run.yml).
